Do you have any opinion on how I handle it?
Don't think you're going to win
The jury is still out on you five years ago
Now what do you say about seducing City Lord Liang?
Sanye Sauron is heavily guarded
It's all monitored.
You can check it casually and you can see the entry and exit records.
City Lord Liang has not been locked at all in the past five years
How did I seduce him?
That is, after you get out of prison, you seduce that City Lord Liang
Luo Sanye
Although your status and position are higher than mine
But you can't frame me for your career
It will only take a few days for Miss Luo to be released from prison.
During this period, all my itineraries can be found
There was no chance to have private contact with Miss Luo at all
Here's a document.
Take a look.
Dad, are you really not cheating?
Son, what can I say to make you believe me?
There is a reason to help Miss Luo
Yunxiu, trust me
Tell me again.
Humph
This document
Can you prove the innocence of City Lord Liang and me?